feat(apigatewayv2): fork APIGatewayV2 into its own package (#5816)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-apigateway/README.md

See [#906](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/906) for a list of CORS
features which are not yet supported.

## APIGateway v2

APIGateway v2 APIs are now moved to its own package named `aws-apigatewayv2`. For backwards compatibility, existing

> APIGateway v2 APIs continue to live in this package, but have been marked deprecated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIGateway v2 "CFN resources" (such as `CfnApi`) are still exported from this package, but have been marked deprecated. 
```
